1.

1. i want like if the store dont want to send the order through delivery partner like ekart etc. that store have delivey guy or within city they can deliver the product so that time in order section admin can deside wether this order send by delivery partner like ekart or send by personaly form shop delivery boy within city. so how the flow will be and if order select as the shop can delivery by delivry boy so that time the tracking of that product is different so how we can do that and what are the DB things required .    2. we want to Pin code management so in setting of admin we can select the areas like in states or select more thatn one states or whole india or like some perticuar cities they want to delivery so at that time if user address is out off that pincode we want to sshow not available for this location like any other platform done if that perticular product not availeble for that perticular location . so for both cases i want so make the plan for both and how we can exectute and in db what are things we are using etc like what compalxity later we can face analyze all and make plan for that 

2. 

think like if user wnat to collect order from store  that option should have if the user on same city like webstite address has. in about sectinon. so that one . and in pincode adding admin should only select the state or states and in that states can select city or cities in that cities all pincodes all data should be there in our db so we can show them propelry product availablity. and if the custromer is from same city then give option to user wnt to pikup from store. by showng from same city of store so they can get that convininece . for that tracking of product how it will be like receipt scanning for that perticualr product id can mark as packed / and deliered / cancled lik ehtis. consider all things and make docuements for that 

3.

ok go for it understand all the linking all the tings so make it implement and give me sql for that . in admin setting add the option for delivery locations where he can select the states or state in that state city or cities or all so as per that user can see product is available or not. for home town of shop for example pune then for pune city all pincode user got optoin to store pikup so after this that order tracking and delivery process is different that should be as per our paln . and if user is out side fo pincode then show product is not available for that pincode and option ot update addess as per this pincode and city . so follow that and in orders add section tab for new page wehre all store picup orders should be comes and one more section tab for who order deliver by stroe through strore delivery boy which are slecected locations in setting provide that facility should provide for location city or pincode to delivery prodcut through store delivery guy . so do implement all plan for that and till now what we disscuss for this topic add tha tin one .md file and anlsze taht for developemnt.